Fulfilling All Wishes: A Prayer to the Embodiment of All Refuges, Guru Rinpoche Emaho! Everything that appears is the realm of Lotus Light, A perfectly amazing and boundless display. In front of us, in the middle of a cloud of pleasing offerings, Sitting upon a lion throne, lotus, and sun and moon seat, Is our root guru, the Precious One from Oḍḍiyāna. He has a rosy white complexion, and he bears the major and minor marks. Sixteen years old, blazing with a hundred peaceful and wrathful expressions, He holds a vajra in his right hand, in his left a vase in a skull. His secret consort hidden as the trident resting in his left arm, And his head adorned with a lotus hat, mirror, and vulture's feather, He wears the secret gown, Dharma robes, and brocade cloak. His legs folded in the vajra posture, He sits within an orb of rainbow light, appearing yet empty. From the beginning, the commitment being has been inseparable from the wisdom being As the great embodiment of all vidyādharas and gurus. His vajra body is the crown of all saṅghas. His speech is a rain of the blessed Dharma, an ocean of the piṭakas. His mind is the wisdom of the buddhas of the ten directions and their children. His qualities fulfill all needs and desires like a wealth deity. His awakened activity leads the assembly of ḍākinīs and dharmapālas. Essence of all refuges, he is radiant with light. With all the beings that fill space, We bow and make offerings to you with our three doors, full of devotion. We confess all faults and downfalls, rejoice in virtue, Request you to always remain, turning the wheel of Dharma, And dedicate all virtue to supreme awakening. Think of us as we pray with fervent devotion, And pour on us a great shower of blessings, Lord Guru! Precious One from Oḍḍiyāna, at one with the threefold body, Emperor of the infinite Three Roots, Though you now reside forever on the island of Cāmara, With your compassionate deeds, remember especially those in Tibet! You are the supreme lord of the lineage gurus of the three times, Who displayed your inconceivable life in this land of Jambudvīpa, And your body, speech, mind, qualities, and actions are marvelous! We pray to you one-pointedly, with intense longing: We offer our body and wealth without a second thought. From now until we reach the heart of awakening, Our protector, we have no refuge but you. Please hold us and never part from us, Lotus-Born! Plagues, famines, wars, and conflicts afflict the whole world. Dispel the decline of this degenerate era, Lotus-Born! Make rains timely, make harvests and herds thrive, And grant us the splendor of bliss and happiness, Lotus-Born! Make the supreme Dharma teachers remain present for a hundred eons And their enlightened activity increase, Lotus-Born! Make the splendor of the saṅghas and the teachings of explanation and practice Cover the three planes, Lotus-Born! Pacify our obstacles, increase our vitality and merit, And accomplish our every wish, Lotus-Born! Ultimately, may you lead everyone we meet, Without exception, to the pure land, Lotus-Born! By perfecting the accumulations and purifying obscurations on the swift path of the great secret, Grant us the supreme siddhi, Lotus-Born! Throughout all the bardo stages, now and in the future, Whatever happens, happy or sad, virtuous or faulty, good or bad, Our root guru, Great One from Oḍḍiyāna, think of us! Bless us that all our wishes are accomplished in accordance with the Dharma! OṀ ĀḤ HŪṀ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṀ Recite this as many times as you can. Guru of Oḍḍiyāna, by the light rays of your three secrets Purify obscurations from our mind stream, granting us empowerment and siddhis. Without ever parting, remain forever upon a lotus above our heads, And grant us the auspicious fulfillment of all our wishes for benefit and happiness! If at all times and in all circumstances, visualizing the Precious One from Oḍḍiyāna remaining on top of your head without ever parting, you pray not only with your mouth but with fervent devotion while reciting these words, there is no doubt that all obstacles will be pacified, and all you wish for will be accomplished in accordance with the Dharma. Therefore, all devoted students should seek to become familiar with this practice. The Umdze of Chamdo, Tulku Sönam Gyalpo, who is expert in the ocean-like way of the arts, accompanying his request with divine flowers, conveyed the need for such a prayer to the only refuge of the teachings and beings of this degenerate period, the Precious One from Oḍḍiyāna. Therefore, on the tenth day of the Jyeṣthā (fifth) month of the White (Earth Snake) year of the fifteenth cycle (1869), I, a follower of the Lotus-Born, Padma Ösal Do Ngak Lingpa, designed this work as a guru yoga connected with the main points of the Seven-Chapter Prayer. May these words of prayer bring virtue and happiness! 
